- [Shonna] Well, that's our chat app, folks.
Thank you for taking my course.
We just covered a lot of ground,
showing you how you can write a chat application,
both the client, using SockJS,
and the server, using the Spring Framework
and its support for the WebSocket API.
I hope you got something useful out of the exercises.
I also hope you take the time to challenge yourself
to extend the provided code
and achieve way more than I could cover
in this brief lesson.
You should note that the Spring community
and the SockJS community both have forums
that you might want to follow so that you can ask questions
and get help on whatever next steps you choose to take.
Feel free to reach out to me with comments
and to share your challenge results.
You can find me on LinkedIn at Shashonna Smith
and on Twitter @coderighter.
I want to encourage you to round out your Spring know-how
by taking my other courses in the library,
Spring: Test-Driven Development with JUnit
and Spring MVC, a deep dive.